Update landing page (feature cards, reword, and links) (#12)
PlasmaPy/plasma-hack-week: pages/index.md

            <div>
                <h1 style="color: #d8d8d8; margin-bottom: 18px">
                    2021 Hack Week
                </h1>
                <img src="/images/hack_logo(v7).png" alt="" style="max-width: 90%">
            </div>
        </div>
        </a>
    </div>
    <!-- Feature 3 -->
    <div class="feature-column">
        <a class="feature-link" href="2021/registration">
        <div class="feature-card" 
              style="background: linear-gradient(to right, 
                                 var(--plasmapy-darkblue) 0%,
                                 var(--plasmapy-bluegreen) 200%);">
            <div>
                <h1 style="color: #d8d8d8; font-weight: bold">
                    Registration
                </h1>
            </div>
        </div>
        </a>
    </div>
</div>

Hello world!  We are pleased to announce that the inaugural **Plasma
Hack Week** will be held remotely from June 28 – July 2, 2021.  In the
week before the event, we will hold prequel tutorials on topics such
as Python, git & GitHub, contributing to an open source project, and
writing clean scientific software.  

## What is a hack week and hacking?

> The term hacking has broad range of use in modern day slang.  However,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The term hacking has a broad range of use in modern day slang.  However,
```

Author: Just caught that one myself!

> The term hacking has a broad range of use in modern day slang.  However,
> it is often implied that hacking is done by some prodigy or expert.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The term hacking has a broad range of use in modern day slang, but
it is commonly believed that hacking is done by some prodigy or expert.
```

> This is not necessarily the case for the **Plasma Hack Week**.  Hacking

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is not the case for the **Plasma Hack Week** or scientific coding in general.  Hacking
```

Author: I tweaked your suggestion a little bit, so let me know what you think.

during our event is seen as a collaborative coding session among novices,
experts, and like-minded learners to work on projects and learn from
each other.  Hacking is learning by experiences, one of the best ways
to further our knowledge.

A [hack week](https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1717196115) is a combination
of a hackathon (a marathon of hacking) and a summer school.  While 
hackathons have traditionally prioritized collaborative code development
activities, a hack week includes a teaching component.  Hack weeks 

> typically have both structured learning activities such as tutorials as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
typically have both structured learning activities (such as tutorials) as
```
